[soft music playing]
[narrator] Shigeo Kageyama,
also known as Mob,
-second year of middle school.
-[yawns]
[narrator] In one's life,
the second year of middle school
-kicks off a most sensitive time.
-[gargles]
[narrator]
It is commonly known as adolescence.
Some thrive in athletics.
Some work hard on their studies.
-Some devote themselves to their hobbies.
-[munches]
-[camera shutter clicks]
-[narrator] Some polish their talents.
Some rebel.
While some fall for the opposite sex,
tasting bittersweet
and sometimes unrequited love.
All those youthful desires
form the amalgamation that is adolescence.
And what was Mob doing
during this precious time?
Working as an assistant
for a psychic at 300 yen an hour.
[music fades]
-The reason for your curse is porn sites!
-[shudders]
-Wait a second. Porn sites?
-Yes!
The jinx you carry
on your shoulders is a terrible one,
commonly referred to
as the One-Click Curse!
["99" playing]
♪ If everyone is not special
Maybe you can be what you want to be ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English]
♪ One, two, three, four, five ♪
♪ Six, seven, eight, nine, ten ♪
♪ Eleven, twelve, thirteen
Fourteen, fifteen ♪
♪ Sixteen, seventeen
Eighteen, nineteen, twenty ♪
♪ Twenty-one, twenty-two
Twenty-three, twenty-four, twenty-five ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English] ♪ Twenty-six, twenty-seven
Twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English] ♪ Thirty-one, thirty-two
Thirty-three, thirty-four, thirty-five ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English] ♪ Thirty-six, thirty-seven
Thirty-eight, thirty-nine, forty ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English]
♪ Mob, Mob, what do you want? ♪
♪ Mob, Mob, why do you want?
Mob, Mob ♪
♪ Who do you want?
Move, move, just like Mob! ♪
♪ If everyone is not special
Maybe you can be what you want to be ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English]
♪ Your life is your own, okay? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English] ♪ Eighty-one, eighty-two
Eighty-three, eighty-four ♪
♪ Eighty-five, eighty-six, eighty-seven
Eighty-eight, eighty-nine, ninety ♪
♪ Ninety-one, ninety-two
Ninety-three, ninety-four, ninety-five ♪
♪ Ninety-six, ninety-seven
Ninety-eight, ninety-nine! ♪
[song concludes]
DOUBTS ABOUT YOUTH
~THE TELEPATHY CLUB APPEARS~
[quirky music playing]
[customer] A… A one-click curse
contracted from web porn?
They use illegal, 18-plus sites
to curse your shoulders
-while also burdening you with their fees.
-[gasps]
Nowadays, even supernatural curses
are being digitized.
Get real! Who in the hell would believe
that giant tub of hogwash?
Relax and keep perfectly still.
I'll lift the curse right now.
-No, there's no need to go-- [groans]
-[grunts] Your right shoulder is stiff.
The curse really has a hold on you.
If you think I'm payin' for this,
you've got another thing coming!
[groans]
What the-- It actually feels pretty good!
-[grunts] Sorcery Crush!
-[groans]
Finishing blow!
[narrator] This is one of Reigen's
special moves.
He relieves the stress
from physical fatigue
and gets rid of stiff shoulders
and back pain.
-[sighs]
-[music fades]
I believe that I was able
to lift the curse.
Do your shoulders still feel heavy?
No! I'm sorry that I doubted you.
Everything feels so much better!
-May I come again for a follow-up?
-That'd be no problem!
-[quirky music playing]
-Let's see.
The fee for a 40-minute massage
is 3,800 yen.
[Reigen] Idiot!
Don't call it a massage fee!
Call it the "curse-dispelling" fee!
[Mob] Two hundred yen is your change.
[Reigen] Hey, here you go, Mob.
Feelin' kinda hungry?
Yes. Thanks for the food.
Master Reigen, you're getting much better
at these massages lately.
Well, yeah. I've been tryin'
different things to improve,
like reading up on some new techniques.
Of course it's only effective
'cause of my spiritual power.
[munches]
[groans] Hot!
[inhales deeply] Such a waste!
Master, I…
I've been thinking about something.
Well, this is a rare occasion.
You don't start conversations.
[Mob] Well, I can use a little ESP,
and I'm different from other people.
So I came to discuss that with you,
and then I ended up becoming your student.
At the time,
I didn't have anybody else to talk to,
so I was and am grateful…
-[grunts softly]
-…because you teach me things
and pay me on top of it all.
However, I wonder, is this really okay?
[munches]
That's what's been on my mind.
[Reigen grunts]
Does he think his pay's too low?
Or did he finally figure out
that I'm a fraud?
SELF-PROCLAIMED PSYCHIC
[gulps] What do you mean exactly?
How do I put this?
Rather than waste my youth
working after school,
I have this sneaking suspicion
that there are other things
I should be experiencing in my life.
Huh?
[sighs] So that's what
you're talkin' about! Puberty!
An important phase in one's life.
Is there something specific
you wanna do right now?
Be in a band? Dance?
Hitchhike across the country?
No, I don't have
anything particular in mind.
Okay. Listen, Mob.
I understand what you're going through,
but there's no need to rush into things.
In my opinion,
the Going-Home Club is what's best.
You're goofin' off during the period
of your life you can goof off the most,
and that makes you a winner in my book.
So I say, just keep on being a slacker
and make money off me. You know?
[indistinct chatter]
[Inukawa] Now, hold on a second, Takenaka!
[Takenaka] I get treated like a weirdo
just for being in this stupid club!
-[Inukawa] Take it easy!
-I can't do it anymore!
-[pensive music playing]
-[Inukawa groans]
This isn't good.
A club's supposed have
five or more members, right?
So what should we do now, President?
There's only one thing we can do.
We've gotta find a new member.
And I mean now!
TELEPATHY CLUB PRESIDENT:
TOME KURATA
-[knocking on door]
-[all gasp]
Maybe Takenaka changed his mind
and came back.
That's gotta be it! Takenaka!
[all gasp]
I just received a submission
of resignation from this club.
-It's…
-[all] The student council!
STUDENT COUNCIL VICE PRESIDENT:
TOKUGAWA
This club is abolished.
-Abolished?
-Wow! Already?!
Sadly, I'm going to have to ask you
to gather your things.
I recently had a brand-new club request
-for a room just like this.
-Hold on!
We've only been down
to four members for a few minutes!
I'm not gonna let you get rid
of the Telepathy Club!
The bond we share
in this Club's too strong!
The student council's got nothing on us!
You think you're all high and mighty
because of how you part your hair?!
Shut your mouths.
You pissants don't really
wanna anger me, do you?
[all whimper]
If you're that desperate
to keep this joke of a club going,
then bring me a brand-new member
by the end of the school day on Friday.
-[door slams shut]
-[Inukawa] By Friday? For real?
That only gives us two days.
-Impossible.
-[sighs]
Quit your whining!
If we ask everyone we see to join,
-we'll be able to snag at least one!
-But that's not gonna happen now.
The recruiting season ended
a long time ago.
No! I'm gonna let this go!
We haven't overcome obstacle
after obstacle
to be shot down
in such a ridiculous way, have we?
[all] Uh, President?
We haven't done a single thing.
THE NEXT DAY AFTER SCHOOL
[school bell chiming]
[all pant]
I didn't even know this school
had a Telepathy Club.
It's creepy, so forget it.
Nah, I've got a job, guys.
What's the big deal?
If it's abolished, it's abolished.
You should be studying.
Entrance exams are this year.
Well, are any guys in your club hot?
[all pant]
I wanna leave time for dating.
I'd be worried about the stares,
and it seems too dangerous.
It's creepy, so forget it.
Sorry. It's creepy, so forget it.
[all pant, groan]
-Creepy.
-Nope.
-Forget it.
-Uh, no.
-[student] Sounds lame. No.
-[bell tolls]
Hmm. Guess it really is impossible
to find new members this time of year.
Not to mention,
we keep getting called "creepy."
Now even I wanna quit.
[gasps, screams]
-The president's lost it!
-You need to calm down, okay?
[gasps] The Going-Home Club…
President! I found him!
He's not in any clubs or committees,
and he doesn't have
any friends or girlfriends.
Salt's go-homer and all-round bum,
Shigeo Kageyama of Year Two, Class One.
Well, I'd say he's basically right.
Well done, Inukawa!
Please allow me to introduce you
to the other members,
Kijibayashi and Saruta.
-Nice to meet you.
-How's it goin'?
And I'm the president of this group,
Tome Kurata, Year Three, Class Five.
You can call me all-the-way Tome.
[chuckles]
[all groan]
[Inukawa] She's pulling out all the stops!
Tome, huh?
Hey, what a coincidence!
That's my grandmother's name.
[groans] See?
The fates have brought us together!
There you have it!
Please join the Telepathy Club!
-I can't today.
-What?
Wait just a second, Mob!
Are you serious? You actually have plans?
Mm-hm. I have to head out
to my after-school exorcism job right now.
Exorcism? What is that supposed to mean?
[gasps] President!
I just remembered something!
This guy was sort of famous
back in grade school!
He could bend spoons
and make erasers move.
You know, like telekinesis!
In other words, he's an esper!
Stop being such a weirdo
and just join our club.
I mean, the exorcism can wait
a little while, right?
[phone ringing]
-Mob. Hey, so how's it goin' with you?
-[Mob] Uh… Master,
I'm being recruited into a club.
Is it okay if I'm a little late?
Just join and leave, what's the big deal?
No, I have to wait until
the student council meeting is over,
then go submit my club admission form.
Wait. So if I told you
to come to work immediately,
-you'd end up not joining?
-Uh… Yeah.
But shouldn't I try and keep the promise
I made to the others first?
[Reigen] Then it's not like
you actually want to join?
[Mob] Not really, no.
Okay, hurry on over.
Time for you to show 'em
how things are done
in the Going-Home Club.
He says he needs me right away,
so I'll be going now.
[Tome] Pu… Put me on for a sec!
Look, I really need Kageyama to join today
no matter what, understand?!
[Reigen] A girl, huh?
She must be trying to use Mob.
He's not really the type to play
any kind of sports stuff.
-Probably isn't a good idea to force him.
-[Tome] We're not some stupid sports club!
-We're the Telepathy Club!
-Huh? You're kidding me.
It's a club where we train
to feel telepathic powers.
Uh… That sounds shady as hell.
"Telepathic," huh?
Don't play dumb with me!
You know exactly what I'm talking about!
I've heard from a reliable source
that Kageyama has telekinesis and ESP!
I bet you're just using him
to solve cases and get more customers
'cause you can't do it on your own
'cause you're a big phony!
Shut your mouth, amateur!
Don't you dare waste
my student's precious time
with your middle-school nonsense!
[Tome] What?!
Are you saying that you don't care
if they shut down our club?
We'll get kicked out of the room
and have nowhere to go!
[gasps]
[Mob] Master,
the club president is crying,
-so I think I should join after all.
-[Tome sobs]
[Reigen] Don't be fooled!
They're crocodile tears!
[gasps]
Bonds, memories, and friendship.
It's not like any of those things
will disappear just because
a club is abolished.
They're using you. Trust me,
they just don't wanna lose
their room, their budget,
and their pointless after-school time,
judging from what
their club sounds like to me.
See through it, Mob!
If that shady club goes down,
it's because it was damn well
meant to go down.
If you understand,
hurry up and come to work!
I get it. See you soon.
-So, it looks like I gotta go.
-[all groan]
Sorry about that.
I'll catch you guys later.
Uh… Wait a sec!
Please, just hear me out, okay?!
Now listen,
the president seriously believes
in telepathy and all that stuff,
but honestly, the rest of us here
just wanna lie around and goof off.
Right now, we're in middle school.
This is the only time we're gonna be able
to do nothing and get away with it!
Play cards with us in this lazy
little paradise we've created!
What do you say?
You're not gonna find
a more carefree club than this.
We have until tomorrow
to set things straight, so think it over?
You're our last hope, Kageyama!
-Save us!
-[Mob] Hm.
[Reigen] So I assume
you turned them down, didn't ya?
Nuh-uh. I figured
I'd take a night to think about it.
[Reigen] You shouldn't
drag these things out, Mob.
-[women talk, laugh]
-[Reigen] You need to turn down
things you don't wanna do.
[Mob] Right now,
the thing I least wanna do
is to be dressed up like this.
Oh, there it is.
Saint Highso Girls' Academy.
It's a private all-girls high school.
And the clients have asked us both
to meet up with them on the roof.
Right.
Stop! What in the world
do you think you're doing?
-[Reigen] Excuse me?
-You heard what I said!
Don't play dumb!
Oh, I'm just a student here
on my way to class.
Reporting from the front gate.
Suspicious individual here!
Requesting backup!
That's kinda mean, isn't it?
[officer] Can it, you perverted weirdo!
I knew this wouldn't work.
But I'm glad
they saw through our disguises.
I didn't wanna sneak
into the school dressed like this.
That was a close one, huh?
Now hurry along
and stay away from that freak.
Huh?
[officer] Don't you worry.
We'll deal with this phony.
[Mob] Uh.
GO
Huh?
PROGRESS TOWARD MOB'S EXPLOSION
[musical beeping and chiming]
-[suspenseful music playing]
-[Mob] What am I doing?
Won't I get in a lot of trouble
if I'm busted?
[indistinct chatter]
[Mob] He said we were supposed
to meet our clients on the roof, but…
What would be the point--
-Hey, don't ask me--
-[Mob] Um-- Hello?
I've come from the consultation office.
So, are you three the clients, or uh--
Huh? Who in the hell are you?
You don't look familiar.
Transfer student, right?
-Huh?
-[girl] Consultation office?
You're here to see if you can
"get through" to us thugs, is that it?
So annoying!
Do you really think
we're just gonna sit here
-and let some twerp like you lecture us?
-[Mob] No, I'm just--
Why don't you mind
your own damn business, do-gooder?
If you don't,
we're gonna make you regret it!
Sorry about that. My bad.
[sighs] Talk about a downer.
Let's get outta here.
-[door opens, closes]
-[sighs]
-[girl's voice] Hello?
-[gasps]
First thing you do is get picked
on by thugs. Way to go.
We're the clients
you're here to meet with.
CHIHIRO - MARI
[Chihiro] Isn't that Reigen guy coming?
He got caught up at the front gate.
[Mari] Also, you both
came dressed as girls? Really?
He couldn't get permission to come in,
so we didn't have a choice.
[Mari] I see.
We're sorry to make you
go through all that.
The school just refuses
to take us seriously
about any of this supernatural stuff.
So that's why we called you.
What exactly was it that you told them?
[Mari] Students' belongings
are mysteriously vanishing,
and we've been hearing weird noises.
[Chihiro] Like a poltergeist or something.
[Mari] We heard things have been spotted
floating through the air, too.
[Chihiro] Yeah. Apparently a bra
started floating around
in the locker room.
[Mob] A bra?
We're sure it's not just kids
playing pranks.
It's definitely supernatural.
So we went online, looked around,
then called the cheapest exorcist
in the area
and somehow ended up with you.
-Looks like you get what you pay for.
-Huh?
Can't believe a guy was trembling so much
just from dealing
with some high-school girls.
You must be quite the reliable gentleman.
-[Mob] Oh. Thank you.
-That was sarcasm, duh!
She wasn't complimenting you!
[Mari] Are you sure
we can trust him with this?
[Chihiro] I have my doubts.
You seem pretty unreliable.
-What's up?
-Something wrong?
[Mob] It… It's okay…
I just have to perform an exorcism.
[tense music playing]
[Mari] Now, let us know
if you feel anything spiritual.
[Mob] Right.
[Chihiro] Well? Do you sense anything?
-Maybe a little.
-[Chihiro] Is he being serious right now?
There. It's nearby.
-[both gasp]
-Are you for real?
[girl screams] Someone help!
[both gasp]
-What's going on?
-[girl sniffles] Something was here.
Something was just looking in
from the top of the door.
[Chihiro] The windows are locked tight.
And we would've seen if somebody tried
to leave through the exits.
I'm going to follow the spirit.
[Chihiro] Whatcha got? Anything so far?
-[Mari] So, we can trust you, right?
-[Mob] Right.
[Mari] You still can't find it?
-The spirit is angry.
-[both] Huh?
And if we keep pursuing it,
it might try something.
[Chihiro] Wh… What are we gonna do?
[Mari] The basketball team
is practicing inside.
-Let's end this.
-[electricity crackles]
[Mob] I've trapped the spirit.
[indistinct chatter]
[Mob] Found you.
[girl] Is it in?
Huh?
-[gasps]
-It's huge!
[Mari] What is that? A ghost?
Now you've done it, you psychic brat.
How dare you trap me
in my own haunting grounds!
-Are you going to try to ruin my paradise?
-[students scream]
EVIL SPIRIT: SCENT GHOUL
If so, then this is what you'll get!
[students continue screaming]
[yells]
[all scream]
[grunts]
[Scent Ghoul] Crap! I underestimated
his psychic abilities!
If I don't take a hostage, he'll erase me!
-[sniffs]
-[girls scream]
-You! You smell nice.
-[gasps]
-I choose you!
-[screams]
-Now, get back!
-[Scent Ghoul] Huh?
[gasps]
[Scent Ghoul groans]
[groans]
[music fades]
It's all over now.
[all cheer]
-Listen to them cheer. Good for you, dude.
-Thanks a lot.
-[Mob] Huh?
-You were pretty reliable after all.
[Scent Ghoul] Damn it.
How? How was I defeated
by a loser like you?
And I thought I'd finally found happiness.
Honestly, you seem to be similar to me.
Similar?
[Scent Ghoul]
The way you get nervous around girls.
[voice turns human]
You're playing the loser role in youth
just as I did, aren't you?
-[gasps]
-[Scent Ghoul] I…
I finally started to have fun
after I died.
I was content.
But I guess that's all over now, isn't it?
[Scent Ghoul] So, are you living every day
to the fullest?
[Mob shudders]
[water slushing]
What's wrong?
You seem kinda out of it.
Somethin' bothering you?
Huh? No, I'm all right. Thanks, though.
Sure. Okay then.
[door opens, closes]
[Inukawa sighs]
Mob! You actually showed up!
We believed in you, Kageyama!
We knew you'd be back!
Now, hurry up
and sign this club admission form.
-[Tome gasps]
-Huh?
You're already here?
That was much faster than I expected,
Vice President!
Well, I had to make
a little extra time to show this room
-to them.
-[gasps]
This will become the club room
of the newly formed Body Improvement Club.
And they'd like to get set up
as soon as possible.
What? Now, just hold on a minute!
The Telepathy Club won't be taken away!
Kageyama was about to sign
all the paperwork needed to join!
Seriously?
-Are you out of your mind?
-Uh.
-Tell me, what grade are you in?
-I'm a second-year.
Have any experience
in other organizations?
-No, I don't.
-Do you have a close friend
or love interest in the Telepathy Club?
I have an acquaintance.
-Cram school?
-I don't attend.
-Do you study?
-Not particularly.
-[Tokugawa] Any hobbies?
-[Mob] I, uh…
Don't you have anything at all
you want to do?
-Huh?
-If you let these students goad you
into joining
while having no interest at all,
what exactly will you gain from it?
Well, uh, all I wanna do
is live every day to the fullest.
[Tokugawa] Will wasting time
after school with soda, snacks,
and video games
help you "live every day to the fullest?"
If you want to join this club
of your own free will, go ahead.
However, you should
carefully think this through.
What is it you really want to do
with your life?
[Mob] What I wanna do?
Do I have anything I wanna do?
Does everyone else have something?
Something enjoyable?
Something I'm envious of?
What are they enjoying?
Clubs, hobbies, studying?
Now that I think about it,
hanging out with girls might be fun.
[shudders]
I did have a dream!
I wanted to confess my feelings
to my first love, Tsubomi,
and hold hands as we walked home.
[Mob] Take a look, Tsubomi!
When you make frogs float,
they start swimming.
Oh, wow! That's so cute.
[Mob] I can make the bar
all squishy, too.
[Tsubomi gasps] You're amazing, Mob!
[Mob] Look!
I'm only showing you
these things, Tsubomi!
-[sighs] I'm getting bored.
-[gasps]
[sighs]
-[boy] The red team can move!
-[pants]
[gunshots]
You're fast, Akira! [chuckles]
-[breathes heavily]
-[Mob] That's it!
If I can change anything
by joining a club…
then I'm gonna join!
[all gasp]
Thank you for having me,
Body Improvement Club!
Wait, what'd you say?
-[all groan]
-Huh?
[Musashi] Welcome aboard! Good to have ya!
[Mob] Thank you!
PROGRESS TOWARD MOB'S EXPLOSION
CLUB ADMISSION FORM
["Refrain Boy" playing]
[song concludes]
Unable to locate the whereabouts
of the suspicious individual
who infiltrated an all-girls' school
by crossdressing,
the whole area is on high alert.
[groans, screams] Hot!
PERVERT!!
[Reigen] Mob joins the
Body Improvement Club.
On his way home,
in an attempt to be popular,
he goes to the main temple
of an obviously shady-looking cult.
Are you sure about this, Mob?
Next time, on Mob Psycho 100,
episode three,
"An Invite to a Meeting.
Simply Put, I Just Want to be Popular."
Recording it? That's also a wise decision.